Update Shortest paths docs (#118)
JuliaGraphs/Graphs.jl: docs/src/first_steps/paths_traversal.md

The following properties always hold for shortest path algorithms implemented here:

- The distance from a vertex to itself is always `0`.

> - The distance between two vertices with no connecting edge is always `Inf` or `typemax(Int64)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The distance between two vertices with no connecting edge is always `Inf` or `typemax(eltype(distmx))`.
```
